Edited text under "### Remove multple images" (#20191)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/docker/docker-rmi/index.md

### Remove multiple images

> You may remove multiple images at the same time. First thing you will want to do is, get the Image IDs simply by listing the images then execute a simple followed command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may remove multiple images at the same time. The first thing you will want to do is, get the Image IDs simply by listing the images, then execute the following command: 
```
